this still here's the choker kid I got
sue my character yeah the one that I
wanted if you want to know from where
you get these I or them or I ordered
them online they are like 50 cents
this is Haiti the hardest thing to find
was crazy so I only ordered these iron
dam lots of these so first start by
opening here we have the tray the
biscuit two tubes chocolate a strawberry
and sue just her up and her room so
start by opening one of the chair gel
tubes just twist is just the knob off
how easy is that
and now the chocolate so first you want
to start with the lighter so of course
the strawberry the pink
okay stop think
okay I've done here so you want to put
them for about 15 minutes okay so while
they're still non-frozen I'm gonna start
opening the biscuit you see this it's
real easy okay okay okay so here are the
biscuit you just wanna push them into
the chocolate there like about ten here
because they will fit exactly the same
as yes you can either put another
chocolate but the you need to put
biscuit you just don't want to put the
chocolate alone without the biscuit so
you want to feed them ten to fifteen
minutes you want to make sure you don't
put them for too long or the biscuit or
this biscuit will get too hot and when
you shake it off the will break I'll be
back in 15 minutes
here they are all pretty done now enjoy
see you next time